Talk guys can do a boxing in
Microsoft's first intentions 1.585
So here in the house we have some
information the text with a windows
Qualcomm snapdragon processor here in
front we have the microsoft logo that is
the first Microsoft device to
arrive in brazil
then say what we have in.
here we are the appliance
It comes packaged well to be the holder of the
Brazil in the box that we have a fee
that we have an instruction manual and
on the other side we have a charger
make usb cable and a phone unfortunately
no luck she does not put those
accessories and gadgets for
getting cheaper then having the device
appliance
even packed we'll see why we
we have here you can see very handsome
by the way
this year this classic here on the screen
Let's pull here.
you can see that there is information
that the telecinco front camera of 5 and
5 or rear camera is 1 555
Let's design this, which has already been
paid for by lock
then this is the initial screen of the device
I should already touch him in the color
black and have no records we can do
so it is well built
so now we'll see the device he comes
with windows phone 8 point
in the transaction the name of neem and what this
means that it can make
applications so it works very well
he has worked in the ring good
For now all my football
so I liked the device initially
will have complete correction of the finished
bringing it contains a flash
are 5 megapixels and a 5
megapixels equal to the 1780's and we can
Respond with the paypal button was
he basically expects
check out the review in the video description
in a few days and test games
and comparatives if you like the
video leave your favorite book and
subscribe to the channel 5 thousand in the networks
social groups and on facebook groups and
our next video